Add PHP logs correlation documentation (#18610)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/php.md

## Automatic injection

> Starting in version `0.89.0`, the PHP tracer automatically injects trace correlation identifiers into application logs. To enable automatic injection, set the environment `DD_TRACE_LOGS_ENABLED` variable (INI setting `datadog.trace.logs_enabled`) to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version `0.89.0`, the PHP tracer automatically injects trace correlation identifiers into application logs. To enable automatic injection, set the environment `DD_LOGS_INJECTION` variable (INI setting `datadog.trace.logs_enabled`) to `true`.
```

Reviewer: :oops: I forgot to change the ini setting. Maybe you did

Author: Wait, it seems like I pushed but my changes weren't made

Author: Yep, I have changed the ini as well :)

> Starting in version **0.89.0**, the PHP tracer automatically injects trace correlation identifiers into application logs. For automatic injection to be enabled, the environment variable (resp. directive) `DD_TRACE_LOGS_ENABLED` (resp. `datadog.trace.logs_enabled`) must be set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting in version `0.89.0`, the PHP tracer automatically injects trace correlation identifiers into application logs. To enable automatic injection, set the environment `DD_TRACE_LOGS_ENABLED` variable (INI setting `datadog.trace.logs_enabled`) to `true`.
```

The PHP tracer supports PSR-3 compliant loggers, such as [Monolog][4] or [Laminas Log][5].

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> It is strongly encouraged setting up your logging library to produce your logs in JSON format to:
>   <ul>
>     <li>Avoid the need for <a href="/logs/log_configuration/parsing">custom parsing rules</a>.</li>
>     <li>Ensure that stack traces are properly wrapped into the log event.</li>
>   </ul>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note</strong>: Set up your logging library to produce logs in JSON format so that:
  <ul>
    <li>You don't need <a href="/logs/log_configuration/parsing">custom parsing rules</a>.</li>
    <li>Stack traces are properly wrapped into the log event.</li>
  </ul>
```

</div>

### Configure injection in logs

If you haven't done so already, configure the PHP tracer with `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION`. This provides the best experience for adding `env`, `service`, and `version` to your logs (see [Unified Service Tagging][6] for more details).

The PHP tracer provides various ways to configure the injection of trace correlation identifiers into your logs:
- [Use placeholders in your message](#use-placeholders-in-your-message)

> - [Append the trace correlation identifiers to your message](#append-the-trace-correlation-identifiers-to-your-message)

Reviewer: I thought we wouldn't document this one for now?

Author: Removed this section.

- [Add the trace correlation identifiers to the log context](#add-the-trace-correlation-identifiers-to-the-log-context)

#### Use placeholders in your message {#use-placeholders-in-your-message}

You can use placeholders in your message to automatically inject trace correlation identifiers into your logs. The PHP tracer supports the following placeholders:
- `%dd.trace_id%`: the trace ID
- `%dd.span_id%`: the span ID
- `%dd.service%`: the service name
- `%dd.version%`: the service version

> - `%dd.env%`: the service environment
> - `%status%`: the severity level of the log event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `%dd.env%`: the service environment
```

Placeholders are case-sensitive and must be enclosed in `%` characters.

For example, if you are using the [Monolog][4] library in a Laravel application, you can configure the injection into a log message as follows:

```php
use Illuminate\Support\Facades\Log;
# ...
Log::info('Hello, World! [%dd.trace_id% %dd.span_id% %status%]');
```

The PHP tracer replaces the placeholders with the corresponding values. For example, the logged message above could be transformed into:

```
[2022-12-09 16:02:42] production.INFO: Hello, World! [dd.trace_id="1234567890abcdef" dd.span_id="1234567890abcdef" status="info"]
```

**Note**: the brackets are mandatory if you plan on using the default parsing rules provided in the PHP [log pipeline][7]. If you are using a custom parsing rule, you can omit the brackets if needed.

#### Append the trace correlation identifiers to your message {#append-the-trace-correlation-identifiers-to-your-message}

> You can append the trace correlation identifiers to your message by using the `DD_TRACE_APPEND_TRACE_IDS_TO_LOGS` environment variable. The PHP tracer appends the available trace correlation identifiers at the end of your message enclosed in brackets, **hence modifying the original message**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can append the trace correlation identifiers to your message by using the `DD_TRACE_APPEND_TRACE_IDS_TO_LOGS` environment variable. The PHP tracer appends the available trace correlation identifiers at the end of your message enclosed in brackets, **modifying the original message**.
```

For example, if you are using the [Monolog][4] library in a Laravel application as follows:

```php
use Illuminate\Support\Facades\Log;
# ...
Log::debug('Hello, World!');
```

The PHP tracer appends the available trace correlation identifiers to the log message. The logged message above could be transformed into:

```
[2022-12-09 16:02:42] production.DEBUG: Hello, World! [dd.trace_id="1234567890abcdef" dd.span_id="1234567890abcdef" dd.service="laravel" dd.version="8.0.0" dd.env="production" status="debug"]
```

> **Note**: if there is a placeholder in your message or if a trace id already present in the message, it takes precedence and the PHP tracer does **not** further modify the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: If there is a placeholder in your message or if a trace ID is already present in the message, that takes precedence and the PHP tracer does **not** further modify the message.
```

#### Add the trace correlation identifiers to the log context {#add-the-trace-correlation-identifiers-to-the-log-context}

> The default behavior of the PHP tracer is to add the trace correlation identifiers to the log context.

Reviewer: If this is the default, should it be the first solution documented?

Author: Disclaimer: I don't mind putting it first

It is the default behavior, but it is not the prioritized one*. Placeholders will take precedence over it.

Reviewer: Ok which one do we prefer? This one means less work for customers, right? If that's the case, that's the first one that should be listed

Author: Yep, that's the case. I'll do the change :+1:

For example, if you are using the [Monolog][4] library in a Laravel application as follows:

```php
use Illuminate\Support\Facades\Log;
# ...
Log::debug('Hello, World!');
```

The PHP tracer adds the available trace correlation identifiers to the log context. The logged message above could be transformed into:

```
[2022-12-09 16:02:42] production.DEBUG: Hello, World! {"dd.trace_id":"1234567890abcdef","dd.span_id":"1234567890abcdef","dd.service":"laravel","dd.version":"8.0.0","dd.env":"production","status":"debug"}
```

> **Note**: if there is a placeholder in your message or if the trace id is already present in the message, the PHP tracer does **not** add the trace correlation identifiers to the log context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: If there is a placeholder in your message or if a trace ID is already present in the message, the PHP tracer does **not** add the trace correlation identifiers to the log context.
```
